Fix transitions with non-recommended headers (#9464)
withastro/astro: .changeset/khaki-ducks-give.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Fixes edge case on view transitions not working for some valid responses
> 
> If a page was returned by the server with blank spaces before the `;` separator in the `Content-Type` header,
> the view transition would not work and a full page reload would occur.
> Now such scenarios will have the correct view transition.

Reviewer: Proposing a slightly simplified changelog message! If anyone is interested in the nitty-gritty details, the changelog is automatically linked to this PR.

```suggestion
Fixes an edge case with view transitions where some spec-compliant `Content-Type` headers would cause a valid HTML response to be ignored.
```
